object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableReference.o: src/VariableReference.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_byteswap.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/ThreadBase/include/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/memorymanager_c_intf.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/wcs_ext.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_type.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer.o: src/VariableServer.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_byteswap.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/ThreadBase/include/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerListenThread.o: src/VariableServerListenThread.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_byteswap.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/ThreadBase/include/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Executive/include/exec_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Executive/include/sim_mode.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CommandLineArguments/include/command_line_protos.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_type.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerThread.o: src/VariableServerThread.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_byteswap.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Executive/include/exec_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Executive/include/sim_mode.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/include/TrickConstant.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerThread_commands.o: src/VariableServerThread_commands.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_byteswap.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/ThreadBase/include/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_message_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/memorymanager_c_intf.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Executive/include/exec_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Executive/include/sim_mode.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CommandLineArguments/include/command_line_protos.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/Unit.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/units_conv.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_type.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/include/TrickConstant.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Sie/include/sie_c_intf.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerThread_connect.o: src/VariableServerThread_connect.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_byteswap.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/ThreadBase/include/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/include/release.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerThread_copy_sim_data.o: \
 src/VariableServerThread_copy_sim_data.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_byteswap.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/ThreadBase/include/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/memorymanager_c_intf.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerThread_exit_var_thread.o: \
 src/VariableServerThread_exit_var_thread.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_byteswap.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/ThreadBase/include/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerThread_loop.o: src/VariableServerThread_loop.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_byteswap.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/ThreadBase/include/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/InputProcessor/include/input_processor_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/InputProcessor/include/IPPythonEvent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/EventManager/include/Event.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/include/mm_macros.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/memorymanager_c_intf.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Executive/include/exec_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Executive/include/sim_mode.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_type.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/RealtimeSync/include/realtimesync_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Clock/include/Clock.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Timer/include/Timer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Executive/include/Exec_exception.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerThread_write_data.o: \
 src/VariableServerThread_write_data.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_byteswap.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/ThreadBase/include/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_message_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/bitfield_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_byteswap.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_type.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerThread_write_stdio.o: \
 src/VariableServerThread_write_stdio.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_byteswap.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/ThreadBase/include/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_message_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_copy_data_freeze.o: \
 src/VariableServer_copy_data_freeze.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_byteswap.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/ThreadBase/include/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Executive/include/exec_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Executive/include/sim_mode.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/RealtimeSync/include/realtimesync_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Clock/include/Clock.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Timer/include/Timer.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_copy_data_freeze_scheduled.o: \
 src/VariableServer_copy_data_freeze_scheduled.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_byteswap.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/ThreadBase/include/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/include/TrickConstant.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/RealtimeSync/include/realtimesync_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Clock/include/Clock.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Timer/include/Timer.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_copy_data_scheduled.o: \
 src/VariableServer_copy_data_scheduled.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_byteswap.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/ThreadBase/include/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/include/TrickConstant.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/RealtimeSync/include/realtimesync_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Clock/include/Clock.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Timer/include/Timer.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_copy_data_top.o: src/VariableServer_copy_data_top.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_byteswap.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/ThreadBase/include/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Executive/include/exec_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Executive/include/sim_mode.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/include/TrickConstant.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/RealtimeSync/include/realtimesync_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Clock/include/Clock.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Timer/include/Timer.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_default_data.o: src/VariableServer_default_data.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_byteswap.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/ThreadBase/include/ThreadBase.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_freeze_init.o: src/VariableServer_freeze_init.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_byteswap.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/ThreadBase/include/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/include/TrickConstant.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_get_next_freeze_call_time.o: \
 src/VariableServer_get_next_freeze_call_time.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_byteswap.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/ThreadBase/include/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/include/TrickConstant.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_get_next_sync_call_time.o: \
 src/VariableServer_get_next_sync_call_time.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_byteswap.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/ThreadBase/include/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/include/TrickConstant.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_get_var_server_port.o: \
 src/VariableServer_get_var_server_port.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_byteswap.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/ThreadBase/include/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_type.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_init.o: src/VariableServer_init.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_byteswap.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/ThreadBase/include/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Executive/include/exec_proto.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Executive/include/Executive.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Scheduler/include/Scheduler.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/ScheduledJobQueue/include/ScheduledJobQueue.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/SimObject.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Executive/include/Threads.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Executive/include/sim_mode.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_restart.o: src/VariableServer_restart.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_byteswap.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/ThreadBase/include/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_type.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_type.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_shutdown.o: src/VariableServer_shutdown.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_byteswap.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/ThreadBase/include/ThreadBase.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/var_server_ext.o: src/var_server_ext.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_byteswap.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/ThreadBase/include/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Executive/include/exec_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Executive/include/sim_mode.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_type.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/variable_server.o: src/variable_server.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_byteswap.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/ThreadBase/include/ThreadBase.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/vs_format_ascii.o: src/vs_format_ascii.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/bitfield_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/wcs_ext.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_byteswap.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/comm/include/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/VariableServer/include/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/ThreadBase/include/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/include/TrickConstant.hh 
