object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/addr_bitfield.o: src/addr_bitfield.c \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/extract_bitfield.o: src/extract_bitfield.c \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/bitfield_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/extract_unsigned_bitfield.o: src/extract_unsigned_bitfield.c \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/bitfield_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/follow_address_path.o: src/follow_address_path.c \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/memorymanager_c_intf.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/insert_bitfield.o: src/insert_bitfield.c \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/bitfield_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/parameter_types.o: src/parameter_types.c \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/ref_to_value.o: src/ref_to_value.c \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/bitfield_proto.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/vval.o: src/vval.c \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/vval.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/wcs_ext.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/wcs_ext.o: src/wcs_ext.c \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/wcs_ext.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/ADefParseContext.o: src/ADefParseContext.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/ADefParseContext.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/MemoryManager.o: src/MemoryManager.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/ClassicCheckPointAgent.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/MemoryManager_C_Intf.o: src/MemoryManager_C_Intf.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/memorymanager_c_intf.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_type.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/MemoryManager_add_attr_info.o: src/MemoryManager_add_attr_info.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/SimObject.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/SimObject/include/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_type.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/MemoryManager_add_shared_library_symbols.o: \
 src/MemoryManager_add_shared_library_symbols.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_type.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/MemoryManager_add_template_name_trans.o: \
 src/MemoryManager_add_template_name_trans.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/MemoryManager_add_var.o: src/MemoryManager_add_var.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/vval.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_type.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/MemoryManager_alloc_depends.o: src/MemoryManager_alloc_depends.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/MemoryManager_alloc_info_map.o: src/MemoryManager_alloc_info_map.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/MemoryManager_allocation.o: src/MemoryManager_allocation.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/ADefParseContext.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_type.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/MemoryManager_clear_memory.o: src/MemoryManager_clear_memory.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/bitfield_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_type.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/MemoryManager_dump_memory.o: src/MemoryManager_dump_memory.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/bitfield_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/wcs_ext.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/ClassicCheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_type.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/MemoryManager_get_enumerated.o: src/MemoryManager_get_enumerated.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/MemoryManager_get_size.o: src/MemoryManager_get_size.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/MemoryManager_get_type_attributes.o: \
 src/MemoryManager_get_type_attributes.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_type.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/MemoryManager_is_alloced.o: src/MemoryManager_is_alloced.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/MemoryManager_make_reference_attr.o: \
 src/MemoryManager_make_reference_attr.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/MemoryManager_map_external_object.o: \
 src/MemoryManager_map_external_object.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/ADefParseContext.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_type.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/MemoryManager_realloc.o: src/MemoryManager_realloc.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_type.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/MemoryManager_ref_allocate.o: src/MemoryManager_ref_allocate.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_type.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/MemoryManager_ref_assignment.o: src/MemoryManager_ref_assignment.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/bitfield_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/vval.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/wcs_ext.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_type.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/Unit.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/units_conv.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/MemoryManager_ref_attributes.o: src/MemoryManager_ref_attributes.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/RefParseContext.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/MemoryManager_ref_dim.o: src/MemoryManager_ref_dim.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/vval.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_type.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/MemoryManager_ref_name.o: src/MemoryManager_ref_name.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_type.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/MemoryManager_ref_var.o: src/MemoryManager_ref_var.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/vval.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/MemoryManager_restore.o: src/MemoryManager_restore.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/ClassicCheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_type.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/MemoryManager_set_checkpointagent.o: \
 src/MemoryManager_set_checkpointagent.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/Message/include/message_type.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/MemoryManager_set_debug_level.o: src/MemoryManager_set_debug_level.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/MemoryManager_strdup.o: src/MemoryManager_strdup.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/RefParseContext.o: src/RefParseContext.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/RefParseContext.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/MemoryManager.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/trick_adt/include/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/mm_error.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/MemoryManager/include/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/sim_services/CheckPointAgent/include/CheckPointAgent.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/trick_source/trick_utils/units/include/UCFn.hh 
